README.md, before:

# myconfigs
My custom RGMercs - Lua Edition! class configs. Use at your own risk!

ALL OF THIS COMES FROM https://github.com/DerpleMQ2/rgmercs ORIGINALLY.

I am just a dude who is learning to code a little bit. I like to tweak shit and I like helping other dudes have good shit when I tweak it.
Make no mistake, while I am a regular contributor, none of this is officially endorsed by RGMercs - Lua Edition! developers.

To use these: place them in (VV install)\config\rgmercs\class_configs

THANK YOU FOR TESTING:
If I've asked you to help me test a specific config, the below warnings likely don't apply! (Dont be skerd yo)

If not:
These configs are in a constant state of flux, edits and testing. There may occasionally be some minor broken functionality, but they will all work overall. I use them every day and I am constantly playtesting my changes.

These configs are based around a single-group 6-box setup on a live server and may not be suitable for TLPs, Raids, etc.

THESE CONFIGS ARE NOT FOR THOSE WHO WISH A TRUE TURN-IT-ON-AND-GO EXPERIENCE. I've tweaked them to my taste, and you may need to do so to yours.

Some of them have custom gem setups, and some of them are very close to their current default counterparts (as they were either a base for editing or I've PRed some of my changes).
If you aren't comfortable editing some gem setups or commenting/uncommenting some entries, consider sticking to the targeted revamp testing.
I've put particular work into SHD, PLD and BRD, and I've done a number on a healing DRU and SHM as well.

Some spells and abilities are configured by the user in the main RGMercs module and may differ slightly from my own. Things like heal percentages, etc, may make these play for me and you slightly differently.

For those of you who are curious, my current setups I use for playtesting:

Level 120 SK/SHM/BRD/BST/MAG/NEC (Gold, no expansions)

Level ~110 PAL/DRU/BRD/ENC/MAG/WIZ (Gold, no expansions)

Commit message:

Moved common functions to a separate file

README.md, after:

# myconfigs
My custom RGMercs - Lua Edition! class configs. Use at your own risk!

ALL OF THIS COMES FROM https://github.com/DerpleMQ2/rgmercs ORIGINALLY.

I am just a dude who is learning to code a little bit. I like to tweak shit and I like helping other dudes have good shit when I tweak it.
Make no mistake, while I am a regular contributor, none of this is officially endorsed by RGMercs - Lua Edition! developers.

To use these: place them in (VV install)\config\rgmercs\class_configs
*** "algar_include.lua*** is required to use any of my configs! It contains custom functions used on multiple classes that I may be using privately or testing to eventually edit/replace functions in the main repo.

THANK YOU FOR TESTING:
If I've asked you to help me test a specific config, the below warnings likely don't apply! (Dont be skerd yo)

If not:
These configs are in a constant state of flux, edits and testing. There may occasionally be some minor broken functionality, but they will all work overall. I use them every day and I am constantly playtesting my changes.

These configs are based around a single-group 6-box setup on a live server and may not be suitable for TLPs, Raids, etc.

THESE CONFIGS ARE NOT FOR THOSE WHO WISH A TRUE TURN-IT-ON-AND-GO EXPERIENCE. I've tweaked them to my taste, and you may need to do so to yours.

Some of them have custom gem setups, and some of them are very close to their current default counterparts (as they were either a base for editing or I've PRed some of my changes).
If you aren't comfortable editing some gem setups or commenting/uncommenting some entries, consider sticking to the targeted revamp testing.
I've put particular work into SHD, PLD and BRD, and I've done a number on a healing DRU and SHM as well.

Some spells and abilities are configured by the user in the main RGMercs module and may differ slightly from my own. Things like heal percentages, etc, may make these play for me and you slightly differently.

For those of you who are curious, my current setups I use for playtesting:

Level 120 SK/SHM/BRD/BST/MAG/NEC (Gold, no expansions)

Level 115 PAL/DRU/BRD/ENC/MAG/WIZ (Gold, no expansions)
